# Meeting 11-05-2021 (lab06-part1)

## Scrum leader for today: Justin

## Team attendance

- [x] Chris
- [x] Alberto
- [x] Rowan
- [x] Justin
- [x] Hardy

## Team updates

## Alberto

- Since last meeting, I started working on the updated rating system. For today I will work with Justin on the rating system. By next meeting, hopefully I will finish
the issue.
## Chris

- Since last meeting I worked on cover mage PR and merged it. Today, I will work on lab05 requirements with you guys. By next meeting, I will have a new issue assigned.

## Rowan

- Since last meeting, I worked on component testing. I'm currently troubleshooting an issue with mocking the next link compoennt to make
sure next router is called. I also started working in pagination issue with Hardy.
I hope to make PRs for both issues today. By next meeting, I will look into requirements for next lab.

## Justin

- Since last meeting, I was busy with other classwork and didn't get much done. Today I will work on rating system data structure issue with alberto. By next meeting,
that issue will be done by and I will add deployment instructions.

## Hardy
- Since last meeting I worked with Rowan to work on pagination issue. For today I will ocntinue working on the issue to finish it. Before next meeting, I will work
on profile system design.
